The most popular car color between 2000 and 2005 was silver.
An ostrich's eye is bigger that it's brain.
The US has about 9 billion chickens.  China has more than 13 billion.
Ewan McGregor was offered, but turned down, the part of Neo in the Matrix.  Will Smith was also approached to play Neo but turned it down in order make Wild Wild West.
In 2002, the National Research Council, a US Congressionally chartered group, said that there are about 400,000 online subscription sites with adult entertainment content worldwide, or about 1.5% of all Internet content.
There were approximately 269 million mobile phones in use in China in 2003, more than any other country.
The Main Library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every year because when it was built, engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building.
Ewan McGregor was offered, but turned down, the part of Neo in the Matrix.  Will Smith was also approached to play Neo but turned it down in order make Wild Wild West.
The largest meteorite crater in the world is in Winslow, Arizona. It is 4,150 feet across and 150 feet deep.
A Boeing 747s wingspan is longer than the Wright brother's first flight.
North Dakota is the only state in the US that has never had an earthquake.
Shanghai, China boasts 4,000 skyscrapers - double the number in New York City.
The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.
Every time you lick a stamp, you're consuming 1/10 of a calorie.
The life expectancy at birth in Swaziland is estimated to be only 33 years old (as of 2005)!
Snakes are true carnivorous because they eat nothing but other animals. They do not eat any type of plant material.
The flushing toilet was invented in 1596, not by Thomas Crapper as most people think, but by Sir John Harington.
In 1886, sales of "Coca-Cola" averaged only 9 drinks per day.
In 2005, the US government spent about $71 billion for Operation Iraqi Freedom.
The flushing toilet was invented in 1596, not by Thomas Crapper as most people think, but by Sir John Harington.
china has about $1 trillion in personal savings and a savings rate of close to 50%.  The US has about $158 billion in personal savings and an average savings rate of only about 2%.
Only two people signed the Declaration of Independence on July 4th, John Hancock and Charles Thomson. Most of the rest signed on August 2, but the last signature wasn't added until 5 years later.
The parachute was invented by DiVinci in 1515.
In 2005, each person in the world consumed, on average, 77 beverages made by The Coca-Cola Company.
Every time you lick a stamp, you're consuming 1/10 of a calorie.
The human brain is 80% water.
Between 1990 and 2005, only one CEO received more than $1 billion in total compensation -- Citigroup's Sanford I. Weill.
There are 1.6 million inventions under active patent in the United States.
More than half of American families with teenagers use filters to limit access to adult content online.
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver and purple.
Ninety percent of New York City cabbies are recently arrived immigrants.
The world's largest amphibian is the giant salamander. It can grow up to 5 ft. in length.
An earthquake on Dec. 16, 1811 caused parts of the Mississippi River to flow backwards!
Nurses and doctors wash their hands between patients less than one-third of the time.
Seventy-three percent of Manila residents smoke.
The word "democracy" is banned in online chat rooms in China.
A pregnant goldfish is called a twit.
TYPEWRITER is the longest word that can be made using the letters only on one row of the keyboard.
Hummingbirds can't walk.
Dentists have recommended that a toothbrush be kept at least 6 feet away from a toilet to avoid airborne particles resulting from the flush.
A pig's orgasm lasts for 30 minutes.
e wrong bank accounts in the next hour.
There are more germs in the human mouth than in the anus.
A pregnant goldfish is called a twit.
In 1886, sales of "Coca-Cola" averaged only 9 drinks per day.
The MGM Grand Hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada has 18,000 doors.
It is possible to lead a cow upstairs...but not downstairs.
It's impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.
There are 1 million ants for every person in the world.
The average person has over 1,460 dreams a year.
